{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Logicytics: System Data Harvester \u55357 ?\u56526 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Welcome to Logicytics \u55356 ?\u57104 ?, a cutting-edge tool designed to meticulously harvest and collect a vast array of Windows system data for forensic analysis. Crafted with Python \u55357 ?\u56333 ?, it's an actively developed project aimed at gathering as much sensitive data as possible and packaging it neatly into a ZIP file \u55357 ?\u56550 ?. This comprehensive guide is here to equip you with everything you need to use Logicytics effectively.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u10084 ?\u65039 ? Support Me \u10084 ?\u65039 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Please consider buying me a coffee or sponsering me in github sponser, I am saving for my college funds in MIT and I need your help! Supporters will be placed in the Credits \u10084 ?\u65039 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u57056 ?\u65039 ? Installation and Setup \u55357 ?\u57056 ?\u65039 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Prerequisites\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ensure your system meets these requirements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Windows 10 or later.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Administrative rights.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Python installed (preferable version 3.11).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Step-by-Step Installation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Clone the Repository}: Use Git to clone Logicytics to your local machine. Open Command Prompt as an administrator and run:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 \f1 git clone https://github.com/DefinetlyNotAI/Logicytics.git\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Navigate to the Project Directory}: Change your current directory to the cloned Logicytics folder:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 \f1 cd Logicytics\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Basic Usage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b CLI}: The most preferred method, all in your command line! More feedback can be given, to use it just open {\f1 CMD} in the {\f1 CODE} directory, and run {\f1 ./Logicytics.py}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b GUI}: Still in beta, GUI is not recommended unless you are unfamilier with CLI, the GUI automatically constructs your command and executes it from a basic window. To use this feature go to the {\f1 CODE} directory and run the {\f1 GUI.py} file, or type in the terminal {\f1 ./GUI.py}.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56615 ? Configuration \u55357 ?\u56615 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Logicytics offers extensive customization options through flags while running.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These flags allow you to:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Specify which types of files to collect data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Exclude certain files/data from the data collection process.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Adjust logging levels for detailed insights.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 More info about the flags on the wiki.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56960 ? Advanced Usage \u55357 ?\u56960 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Custom Scripts\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Extend Logicytics' functionality by creating custom Python scripts. Place these scripts in the {\f1 CODE} directory. Logicytics will automatically execute these scripts during the data collection process, enabling tailored data extraction (When using the {\f1 --mods} flag).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u57041 ? Troubleshooting \u55357 ?\u57041 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Common Pitfalls\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Permission Denied}: Ensure you're running Logicytics with administrative privileges.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Incomplete Data Collection}: Verify all necessary files and folders are intact and unmodified.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Update Issues}: Use the {\f1 --update} flag to fetch the latest version of Logicytics.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Recovery}: Use the {\f1 --backup} and {\f1 --restore} to keep a history of intact files in case of errors.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Support Resources\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Consult the {\f1 .md} log file in the {\f1 ACCESS/LOGS} directory for detailed error logs. Engage with the community through GitHub issues for assistance and feedback.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56522 ? Data Analysis \u55357 ?\u56522 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Once Logicytics has completed its data collection, you'll find the results packaged neatly in a ZIP file within the {\f1 ACCESS/DATA} directory. This data can be analyzed using various tools and techniques, depending on your needs. Whether you're conducting forensic investigations, auditing system health, or analyzing performance metrics, Logicytics provides a solid foundation for your analysis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55356 ?\u57119 ? Conclusion \u55356 ?\u57119 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By exploring the depths of Logicytics, you've gained a deeper understanding of its capabilities, configuration options, and advanced features. This tool is a powerful asset in your arsenal for system data analysis, offering flexibility, customization, and ease of use. Remember, the key to unlocking its full potential lies in experimentation and continuous learning. Happy data mining \u55356 ?\u57263 ?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This expanded guide aims to provide a thorough understanding of Logicytics, covering everything from installation and setup to advanced usage and troubleshooting. With this knowledge, you're well-equipped to utilize Logicytics to its fullest extent, enhancing your ability to analyze and understand system data.\par}
}
